in times of internet and social networks
it is difficult to imagine that the albums of
cups still awake in
fascination in collectors and this only
until you reach this bank of the Duke Avenue
of caxias
here young children and adults gather
to change cards and complete the
albums the tables and chairs were
placed by the owner of the bank
to facilitate the exchange within a few days of
week the bank is open from seven
midnight to ten at night everything to
meet the collectors
We really want to improve.
playing so the staff is tested the exchange
the more tranquil you have a place of support
to sign the squares there
so it makes it easier for everyone to stay a little
more comfortable Claudius came to the
put together a list to get easier
identify the cards that are
missing and collectors can leave
to the bank to make the
but there are those who prefer to fill the
album is gradually the case of Pedro
came to the bank with his father in search of
last cards
About 20 cards are missing for
end up like this
but it was easy for me because I have
a lot of people are collecting
My father is helping me. He 's coming.
in the stands here it was easy and
accompanying Peter is not a task
difficult for the team
I like football and you notice that.
feeling of filling the album with
change the cards you buy
have to buy to start but then
and it's cool for you to interact with people
changing and that's what he likes and I
I even participate, I'll start a
hotel collection hoping to get the album
hardcover
As soon as I arrive I will start a collection
for me it will wait too
collecting the cards can be a
way to feel more present in the
competition is what this
Unesp Researcher in Bauru
in a way the world cup in the
countries in which football is a sport
prevalence is very close to a
rite that it is periodic and the
people have is one way or another to
to accuse the collection of cup cards
as a kind of come join be
there and from there the memory the memory
not have the memory not only of the event but also
also the collector own your
celso knows well what it is to revive the memory
for a while his first collection was
in childhood with little cards that came in
bullets
this does not stop being refer to
people to childhood refer to childhood does
what do we remember about time
from childhood this is very good wine
brings satisfaction to us, huh?
but he recognizes that today's albums
in no way resemble those of old
improved quality and access to
Cards are easier, only pleasure is
the same
we relate with child
adult with
a woman man and the girls of everything
How much is it?
they come here to change the card as if
people were friends with the house
besides the interaction between the others
collectors
albums are also a way of
acquire knowledge of my childhood
I collected the theme cards were
flags and uniforms of the
Truth I met, of course I knew countries.
which do not exist today but due to
decolonization everything else but I believe
that a significant part in that
moment of knowledge in the world and the
history of the world has occurred through
motive figures is the knowledge
sociability of negative we have
some situations such as
first they cost money
the cards are linked 11 in the
market around some industry
cultural
and we sometimes see situations in which
adults and children spend more than
can influence saw money from other
activities for the gustavo figurines
son of the bank owner has already spent around
thousand and five hundred reais in the purchase of
he resells the cards
separate to make it easier for
the people complete the album is the cable
over five cents in each
card with the reseller is a crazy as well
Little you'll see, but it's more for
even a matter of helping people
the supermarket parking lot is another
place of exchange of cards in the city
here is the owner of the bank who also
stimulates the exchange between collectors
the incentive brings return of the trade the
You must bring the willful crime into the
it seems she has only consolidated person
come because the figure drunk only in banking
huh
milena came for the first time with
children and approved the space for
buy very encourages but it stays
switching means so well understand
slowly and then complete a
new car for free between an exchange and
another little girl did not resist fatigue
ended up taking a nap right there
seems to indicate that the movement still
should increase
the cup passed by last year 2010 was
very good but now this period
trying to Brazil in the person wants
save a recollection there so she I
I think I already know that we do not have numbers.
exact but dubbed quietly
double interest